# Meeting 9/30

Taeyoon, Zach, Casey (notes) @ Orbital

**Things to buy (or make)**

*   Labels for peoples' stuff: Property of _____
*   Label maker

        *   order cartridge 

*   Self-contained video kit <$1000

        *   Video camera
    *   Case
    *   Labeled SD cards
    *   Tripod
    *   Workflow document about 

*   Network drive + cloud backup service

        *   having some common drives would be pretty helpful
    *   Pose the question online: how do teachers store/help organize student work?

*   Printer
*   storage bins as per fall 13
*   Space divider
*   Neon sign?  something to take a photo with and help demarcate SFPC space
*   Bagels and coffee at 10
*   Standing desk
*   More tables
*   Beer and wine in bulk

**Taxes**

*   Need to come up with an agreed upon plan about either keeping overhead or zeroing out at the end of our Fiscal Year
*   Talk to Eyebeam
*   Mental overhead of having to take on the tax burden as founders

**Workload and Distribution of Work**

*   Has been frustrating to Ty trying to coordinate with Casey in the interim, things aren't getting done on time, miscommunication, Taeyoon doing an untenable amount of administration
*   Has been hard-to-impossible for Casey to work on SFPC in the interim without a budget/being able to track and invoice hours (we did an interim between Fall 13 and Spring 14, but not Spring 14 and Fall 14)

        *   Maybe instead of keeping such a gigantic tax overheard, we look into zeroing out with a fiscal sponsor, and instead (or anyway find the money to) give everyone the interim budgets they need

**Workflows and Checklists**

*   Lunch for speakers
*   Checks for speakers
*   990s before payment
*   Speakers + Visitors â€” coordinate with Taeyoon
*   Know where checks are and how to write them
*   How to export the budget
*   Documentation

**Budget Changes**

*   Less for short talks, more for longer term visits

**Space**

*   **Communication**

        *   Casey will send our student + instructor emails to Gary, and he will add them to the Orbital announcement list.

*   **Key deposit**

        *   Gary would like $50 per key, refundable upon return. We'd feel better about $20, so we might hold the difference?

*   **Things to note**

        *   Orbital bootcamp students will have access to the space through 10/10, at which point several will come back on as members, it will all be announced over email

*   **Cleaning**

        *   Taeyoon will ask the person who cleans at Mex

*   **Furniture**

        *   Boxes are on 3 waiting to be unpacked
    *   Rolling whiteboard
    *   Bookshelves
    *   5 x big tables
    *   8 x small tables

*   **Weekly check-in w/ Gary, Casey, Taeyoon**

        *   Thursday afternoons?

*   **Rent**

        *   We paid first month of three

**Website, Documentation, and Archiving**

*   We're close to having it work well as a clean but still collaborative repository for archiving and documentation
*   Bugs are all documented on Github
*   Jekyll has improved since last time we worked on the site, we can refactor around data and collections
*   Set tone that part of teaching and learning is archiving

**Fundraising**

*   Put together a checklist for a repeatable workshop-type fundraising event:

        *   Date
    *   Description
    *   Teacher
    *   Eventbrite
    *   Promotion

                *   Mailing List
        *   Twitter
        *   Video
        *   Press/Info Packet

                        *   What is poetic computation?

                *   ??

*   Two day event: talks with alumni, faculty, friends + KTC-style/interactive workshop

        *   Come for either day or both
    *   November 9th?

*   Friends of SFPC, online Stripe recurring thing?

**Press**