<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-Language" content="en-us" />
<meta name="version" content="1789"/>
<style>body {font-family:Helvetica}ul.comment{list-style-image:url('https://hackpad.com/static/img/comment.png');} ul.task{list-style-image:url('https://hackpad.com/static/img/unchecked.png');}ul.taskdone{list-style-image:url('https://hackpad.com/static/img/checked.png');} </style><title>/3668$LPApNhHKH6z</title>
</head>
<body><h1>Meeting 9/30</h1><p>Taeyoon, Zach, Casey (notes) @ Orbital</p><p></p><p><b>Things to buy (or make)</b></p><ul><li>Labels for peoples&rsquo; stuff: Property of _____</li>
<li>Label maker<ul><li>order cartridge&nbsp;</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Self-contained video kit &lt;$1000<ul><li>Video camera</li>
<li>Case</li>
<li>Labeled SD cards</li>
<li>Tripod</li>
<li>Workflow document about&nbsp;</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Network drive + cloud backup service<ul><li>having some common drives would be pretty helpful</li>
<li>Pose the question online: how do teachers store/help organize student work?</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Printer</li>
<li>storage bins as per fall 13</li>
<li>Space divider</li>
<li>Neon sign?&nbsp; something to take a photo with and help demarcate SFPC space</li>
<li>Bagels and coffee at 10</li>
<li>Standing desk</li>
<li>More tables</li>
<li>Beer and wine in bulk</li></ul>

<p><b>Taxes</b></p><ul><li>Need to come up with an agreed upon plan about either keeping overhead or zeroing out at the end of our Fiscal Year</li>
<li>Talk to Eyebeam</li>
<li>Mental overhead of having to take on the tax burden as founders</li></ul>

<p><b>Workload and Distribution of Work</b></p><ul><li>Has been frustrating to Ty trying to coordinate with Casey in the interim, things aren&rsquo;t getting done on time, miscommunication, Taeyoon doing an untenable amount of administration</li>
<li>Has been hard-to-impossible for Casey to work on SFPC in the interim without a budget/being able to track and invoice hours (we did an interim between Fall 13 and Spring 14, but not Spring 14 and Fall 14)<ul><li>Maybe instead of keeping such a gigantic tax overheard, we look into zeroing out with a fiscal sponsor, and instead (or anyway find the money to) give everyone the interim budgets they need</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Taeyoon has been doing scheduling but doesn&rsquo;t want to do as much. It&rsquo; s hard for Casey to do scheduling only being on site.<ul><li>Casey will remind Zach about setting up a networked webcam pointing at a whiteboard</li>
<li>Casey will take care of meta-level scheduling (e.g. teacher check-ins)</li>
<li>Taeyoon and Casey will coordinate on visitors</li>
<li>We will think about rotating the duties that Taeyoon does in this regard: maybe having a rotating &quot;dean&quot;, or bringing on somebody who can do that more administrative aspect of what he does</li></ul>
</ul>

<p><b>Workflows and Checklists</b></p><ul><li>Lunch for speakers</li>
<li>Checks for speakers</li>
<li>990s before payment</li>
<li>Speakers + Visitors â€” coordinate with Taeyoon</li>
<li>Know where checks are and how to write them</li>
<li>How to export the budget</li>
<li>Documentation</li></ul>

<p><b>Budget Changes</b></p><ul><li>Less for short talks, more for longer term visits</li></ul>

<p><b>Space</b></p><ul><li><b>Communication</b><ul><li>Casey will send our student + instructor emails to Gary, and he will add them to the Orbital announcement list.</li></ul>
</li>
<li><b>Key deposit</b><ul><li>Gary would like $50 per key, refundable upon return. We&rsquo;d feel better about $20, so we might hold the difference?</li></ul>
</li>
<li><b>Things to note</b><ul><li>Orbital bootcamp students will have access to the space through 10/10, at which point several will come back on as members, it will all be announced over email</li></ul>
</li>
<li><b>Cleaning</b><ul><li>Taeyoon will ask the person who cleans at Mex</li></ul>
</li>
<li><b>Furniture</b><ul><li>Boxes are on 3 waiting to be unpacked</li>
<li>Rolling whiteboard</li>
<li>Bookshelves</li>
<li>5 x big tables</li>
<li>8 x small tables</li></ul>
</li>
<li><b>Weekly check-in w/ Gary, Casey, Taeyoon</b><ul><li>Thursday afternoons?</li></ul>
</li>
<li><b>Rent</b><ul><li>We paid first month of three</li></ul>
</li>
<li><b>Agreement</b><ul><li>Add GCBK, LLC. to participant agreement</li></ul>
</ul>

<p><b>Website, Documentation, and Archiving</b></p><ul><li>We&rsquo;re close to having it work well as a clean but still collaborative repository for archiving and documentation</li>
<li>Bugs are all documented on Github</li>
<li>Jekyll has improved since last time we worked on the site, we can refactor around data and collections</li>
<li>Set tone that part of teaching and learning is archiving</li></ul>

<p><b>Fundraising</b></p><ul><li>Put together a checklist for a repeatable workshop-type fundraising event:<ul><li>Date</li>
<li>Description</li>
<li>Teacher</li>
<li>Eventbrite</li>
<li>Promotion<ul><li>Mailing List</li>
<li>Twitter</li>
<li>Video</li>
<li>Press/Info Packet<ul><li>What is poetic computation?</li></ul>
</li>
<li>??</li></ul>
</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Two day event: talks with alumni, faculty, friends + KTC-style/interactive workshop<ul><li>Come for either day or both</li>
<li>November 9th?</li></ul>
</li>
<li>Friends of SFPC, online Stripe recurring thing?</li></ul>

<p><b>Press</b></p><ul><li>Liaising with press is another area where we could have a better shared understanding of who is reponsible for what<ul><li>Answer common questions/information/media requests</li>
<li>Interviews</li>
<li>Scheduling and facilitating visits</li></ul>
</ul>

</body>
</html>
